Issue #1780 - VowelsConsonants #DWOC (#2057)
HarshCasper/NeoAlgo: Python/README.md

- [Search Insert Position](cp/search_insert_position.py)
- [Stock span problem](cp/stock_span.py)
- [Bulb Switcher problem](cp/bulb_switcher.py)

> - [Vowels ans consonants in a word](cp/VowelsConsonants.py)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Vowels and consonants in a string](cp/VowelsConsonants.py)
```
